Workflows 9.4 content — part C (PR C-1) (#6104)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/reference.md

  - id: elastic-stack
---

# Workflow reference [workflows-reference]

Quick-reference pages that document the workflow YAML surface in one place. Use this section when you know what you want to look up and need the answer fast.

- [Cheat sheet](/explore-analyze/workflows/reference/cheat-sheet.md): One-page bookmark card. Anatomy, triggers, the step menu, Liquid, and the top gotchas.

> - [Step type index](/explore-analyze/workflows/reference/step-types.md): Every step type that ships in 9.4, alphabetical, with a one-line description and a deep link to its reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Step type index](/explore-analyze/workflows/reference/step-types.md): Every step type available for Elastic Workflows, ordered alphabetically, with a one-line description and a link to its full reference.

```
